(Yuya) Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V."
(Roget)
The fools in this city
can never
tear their eyes away from the
Friendship Cup.
While everyone is preoccupied,
my Security forces
will teach Declan
and the High Council
the toughest of lessons.
Let's duel!
(Yuya)
In order for Roget to take over
the city,
he has to keep the High Council
locked up in their chambers.
But if I can free the Council,
Roget loses all his leverage and
his scheme is foiled.
(Crow)
Go save the Council
to save our future!
I thought he might try
something like this.
Aah!
That pain
came out of nowhere.
Actually, it came from
inside your helmet.
I took the liberty of installing
a special chip there
that can give your brain
a jolt of positrons
whenever I deem it necessary
Yuya, jump off
before it's too late!
You missed your chance!
Uhh!
I wonder what will happen...
at maximum strength.
Aah!
Uhh!
This only happens when
something's up with Yuya.
Uhh!
My turn!
(all)
I Xyz Summon!
(Yuya)
Dark Rebellion XYZ Dragon!
That's Yuto's dragon!
Yuya may be on that Runner,
but I think someone else
is in the driver's seat!
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(beeping)
Dark Rebellion XYZ Dragon,
unleash your fury!
By using one Overlay Unit...
...the attack points of your
Raikira are cut in half!
And then Dark Rebellion XYZ
Dragon
gains those attack points.
10,000 volts
of unbridled energy
is heading your way
to shock you into submission!
(all)
Your demise will soon
be at hand!
Crow's Raikiri is gettin'
electrifried!
And Dark Rebellion just keeps
pouring on the juice!
That Dragon's special ability
has pumped up its power
to a point where Crow's goose
is gonna be completely cooked!
(crowd cheering)
That Commons duelist is
completely out‐classed.
I do hope Yuya
finishes him quickly
so I can pick our poodle up
from the grooming spa.
If Crow loses, them Topsider's
will never respect us!
(man)
You said it!
The Topsiders will keep
treatin' us Commons like dirt!
You're free, Raikiri!
I'm springing it
by activating the trap
Black Feather Cursed Guard!
It negates the effects of Yuya's
Dark Rebellion XYZ Dragon,
so losing's not in my future.
Ah, he's resilient.
But even the toughest nut
will eventually crack
when you apply enough pressure.
Where is the nearest
Action Card?
In unit Tango Delta 6.
It's off course.
Then we'll reconfigure the
track to put it "on" course.
What's up?
Yuya's been talking and acting
like he's someone else.
Xiangke Magician, use your
Pendulum ability!
Work your wizardry
to change
Dark Rebellion XYZ Dragon's
rank into a Level.
(roaring)
Just what in the world
are you up to?
Merely setting you up
so I can knock you down.
Xiansheng, fire your magic bow
and set my dark designs in
motion to eliminate Crow!
Dark Rebellion XYZ Dragon's
Level becomes
the same as Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon's.
See where this
is headed, Crow?
Yeah, and I'm not gonna
like it at all.
There's an Xyz Summon coming!
Whoa! When Yuya Xyz Summons,
you know this duel's
jumpin' to another level.
Adjust course point:
Lima‐Kilo 3 to Tango‐Delta
6.
This path will lead you straight
to an Action Card
and get rid of that birdbrain
once and for all.
I overlay my Dark Rebellion
XYZ Dragon and...
...my Odd‐Eyes Pendulum
Dragon to build...
(all)
...the Overlay Network!
Two savage Dragons meld their
awesome powers to give rise
to a monster that will send my
enemies fleeing with dread!
I Xyz Summon!
Prepare to feel the wrath of
Odd‐Eyes...
(all)
...Rebellion Dragon!
Ugh!
Uhh!
Why isn't the track closing?
That shockwave fried
all the circuits
in the surrounding area,
including the track
controls, sir.
It also knocked out the backup
circuits, sir.
Restoring them will
take some time.
Ugh!
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon's
special ability
annihilates Raikiri and deals
you damage
equal to Raikiri's
attack points!
Overlord Howling!
Sorry, but none of
that's happening
'cause I'm activating the
other effect of my trap Cursed
Guard!
It lets me lower Raikiri's
attack points by 400
and reduce its Level by one to
shield it from destruction!
Crow just pulled
a rabbit out of a hat!
Raikiri looked like a goner,
but Crow's quick thinkin'
bailed his monster out!
And he saved his own bacon
to boot, ya'll!
Huh? Aah!
I was mistaken
about the bacon!
Crow and Yuya's Duel Runners
are about to go
nose‐divin' off the track!
♪
Crow and Yuya's Duel Runners
are about to go
nose‐divin' off the track!
I'm gonna wing it
and take to the sky!
I knew this duel would be an
uphill climb,
but I didn't mean it
literally!
Come on! Come on!
I'm gonna need every last bit
of blast you got
if I wanna land this maneuver!
Gimme all the juice you got!
Road or no road,
nothing will stop me!
Well, I'll be!
Whoa! Yuya!
Fine then!
I'm activating the Equip Spell
Supreme Wing
And equipping it onto Odd‐Eyes
Rebellion Dragon!
(roaring)
(Melissa, on P. A.)
What a relief!
Now that there's some
heart‐thumpin'
entertainment!
(cheering)
I must admit, Crow was
impressive.
(thinking)
I wonder if the track system
malfunctioned
or if somebody sabotaged it?
I thought Yuya had maybe teamed
with the Topsiders,
but that course change just now
put us both in danger.
(wristband dinging)
Oh.
Huh? You're leaving?
Breaktime's not for
a couple hours.
If they catch you
wandering off,
they'll put you
on mold patrol.
Yuya needs me.
I can't sit back and wait
for Sora to find him.
I've got to help him
right now.
Every second counts.
He could be in grave danger.
That's the worst kind
of danger, too.
Yeah. How are you
gonna get out of here
without getting caught?
I don't know.
All I do know is
it won't be easy.
You can say that again.
I mean, you don't have to
worry about the workers.
They wouldn't rat you out
for trying to escape.
But the second
you step out of here,
the guards will bust you.
You don't want the guards
catching you. They got cooties.
But Yuya...
We shouldn't be out
in the streets.
Security will catch us
for sure out here.
I'm holding you back.
You two should leave me.
No, we'll never do that.
I promised I'd help
rescue you.
Oh!
(thinking)
They are both in bad shape.
We must find a place
to hide and rest.
We cannot win a battle
if they cannot fight.
Excuse me, but it appears
that the shockwave
also scrambled
the chip we planted
inside Yuya's helmet, sir.
It's scrambled?
Does that mean the aggression
chip no longer functions?
Very much the opposite, sir.
We can't turn the chip off and
its running at maximum power.
The brain can't withstand this
nonstop influx of positrons.
It could cause severe damage,
damage that cannot
be reversed.
(thinking)
There is something
wrong with him.
Yuya, what's your deal?
Thought we were teaming to
rescue your friends?
Now you're coming after me?
What gives? Answer me!
Ugghh! Aah!
Aah!
You're thru!
By using an Overlay Unit,
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon can
attack as many times
as the number of monsters it
destroyed this turn!
Wait! Hold up!
Your Dragon took out three
of my Blackwings this turn!
Very good!
So my Odd‐Eyes can attack
three times!
Rebellion Dragon,
prepare to attack!
Take aim at...
Raikiri...
...and attack!
(roaring)
(all)
Sweeping Static Strike!
Don't think so. My trap
Cursed Guard takes effect
shielding Raikiri
from destruction!
(Yuya)
But you still take damage!
Aah!
I managed to save Raikiri,
but there's was a price to pay.
Because of Cursed Guard's
effect,
it loses 400 attack points
and one level.
(Melissa, on P. A.) Crow's
keeping it interestin'!
But that Dragon gets two more
attacks!
He'll have a tough time
dodging them!
The positronic current's
still at maximum.
Yuya cannot withstand those
levels much longer.
(thinking)
That would be tragic.
If Yuya is unable to continue,
I'll have one less
pawn to play.
But losing a single pawn is a
relatively small price to pay
to win the endgame
and clutch New Domino
in the palm of my hand.
Ha! Those crowds have no idea
their future is being
determined right now.
By the time Yuya's duel ends,
I will rule this city.
My next attack will be worse.
Lock your sights on Raikiri,
The Sudden Shower!
(both)
Now attack with
all of your fury!
(roaring)
My Cursed Guard trap goes into
effect again!
Raikiri is saved from
destruction!
(groans)
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Crow hung on again,
but he's running awful low on
life points,
and his Raikiri is growing
weaker by the minute!
(thinking)
What's up with Yuya today?
He's just not dueling
like he usually does.
(Roget)
Well done, Yuya.
My takeover nears completion.
♪
(Roget, on P. A.)
Attention all Sector Security
forces at the Hall of Dominion.
Storm the
buildingimmediately!
Detain the Presider and
allcouncil members,
along with Declan Akaba!
When they
questionyour actions,
tell them the city'sunder
new command.
The security forces are
preparing to mobilize.
They will try to depose us.
This is most
worrisome indeed.
No need for concern
as long as our guest
continues to offer us
protection.
We're counting on Declan,
aren't we, Presider?
Yes!
With Declan's help,
I'm fully confident
we will thwart this coup
and save our fine city.
(thinking)
Yuya's out of control.
I wonder what I could do to try
and knock some sense into him.
There's gotta be a way.
(all)
I will finish Crow...
with my third attack!
Rebellion Dragon,
destroy Raikiri with
Sweeping Static Strike!
So not good. Cursed Guard may
have saved Raikiri again,
but I'm still in bad shape!
Crow's too weak to take another
life points wallopin'!
If that attack had hit him,
he'd be grounded!
I activate a trap!
My Black Feather Hope card!
(roaring)
By cutting my life points
in half, I take no damage.
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Once again, Crow hangs on
by a hair!
He's like an old
freight train!
At times it seems like he's
goin' off the rails,
but he just keeps chuggin'
along!
Why do you prolong your
inevitable demise?!
(thinking)
I got it!
The best way to get
Yuya's attention
is to take on his
Rebellion Dragon!
I'll have to bring out
the most powerful monster
in my whole deck
if I want a chance
at taking out his Odd‐Eyes!
Huh?
As if things couldn't
get any worse!
Obelisk Force is here!
(alarm blaring)
Sir, our warning system has
picked up
a number of airborne objects.
There are about 20 of them
flying directly over the city.
I have a visual.
That's Obelisk Force!
Duel Academy has infiltrated
the Syncro Dimension!
(thinking)
They could ruin everything.
Especially if they find Celina
and Zuzu before I do.
This is Roget.
(on P. A.)
I retract my last order.
Stand your ground! Let no
oneenter or leave the
building!
Sergey, intercept the attackers
and show them no mercy.
Partners, Crow's takin'
a beating,
but he's still hangin' on.
Mercy! And he ain't
the only one!
Aah!
How did you get up here?!
Land sakes!
(thinking)
If the Professor sent
Obelisk Force in,
then I'll bet a week of
jawbreakers
they're here on a special
mission.
And that mission can only mean
one thing.
(Yuya)
I can't just abandon Celina!
What's the big deal?
Look, Yuya,
Duel Academy's where Celina
originally came from,
and I'm just bringing her
to where she belongs!
No, I'm not doing it, Sora!
Huh?
I'm not letting anybody
go there!
Not Celina, not Zuzu!
(thinking)
I know Zuzu's safe
with Moonshadow,
but I don't know
where Celina is.
I have to help her,
but I have to help Yuya, too.
What should I do?
Lasso that kid up onto this
flying whirly bird!
Oh!
(thud)
Huh? Huh?
Huh? Who the sprocket are you?
I'm Sora, and I'm
a friend of Yuya's,
and I'm here to help.
Okay, then.
Look, something's haywire
with Yuya.
Your job is to bring Yuya back
around to his old self again.
Is that understood?
Look, pal, I'm a duelist,
not a psychiatrist.
I'd help him myself
if I could,
but another problem
just flew in.
I'm gonna be super busy trying
to get to Celina before they do.
Before who does?
Look up there.
Oh, man!
Who are they?
(thinking)
He's gone?
Was I imagining things?
If so,
my imagination was right.
Something in his head
is seriously out of whack.
Yuya definitely needs help
to snap out of it.
I'll have to use my cards to
knock some sense into him.
Which means I have to
make every move count!
I draw!
Hmm.
Drawing this card is a definite
wake‐up call.
It's a sign that I have to
go for broke.
And there's no better card
to do that with
than the Tuner Monster,
Blackwing Decay The Ill Wind!
(roaring)
By summoning Blackwing
Decay The Ill Wind,
I'm putting everything
on the line right here.
This whole duel comes down
to this one card.
If it doesn't
pull through for me,
I'll automatically
lose the match!
It all comes down to this!
♪
It all comes down to the next
monster I summon out.
I'll either make
a comeback with it
or I'll go down in flames.
'Cause I'm banking on
Ill Wind having a hand
in giving Odd‐Eyes
more that it can handle!
Of course before the battle
begins,
my Level 4 Decay The Ill Wind
has to tune my Level 3
Raikiri!
You've been a tough customer
tonight, Yuya,
but I'm about to soften you up
real quick.
I Synchro Summon!
My winged warrior...
Assault Blackwing‐‐
Chidori The Rain Sprinkling!
I spotted somethin' foul about
that there fowl!
Makes me think Crow went ahead
and messed up his turn.
How in tarnation will that
feathered flyer
put up a fight against Yuya's
Dragon?
It's got less attack points.
Hmm!
(Crow)
Chidori The Light Rain gains
300 attack points
for every Blackwing feather
I have in my graveyard!
(roaring)
There are five
in my graveyard,
so that means Chidori
gains 1,500 attack points!
Crow's paltry monster
just got pumped up!
Now it's stronger
than Yuya's Dragon!
Bring it!
Chidori, amp up for a strike
at maximum power!
You'll get a charge
out of this!
Chidori, jog Yuya's memories!
Let 'em have it!
(all)
Aah!
(whooshing)
Bad move, Crow!
You just brought on your own
destruction with that attack!
When you destroy a monster
equipped with Supreme Wing,
your monster is also destroyed!
No way!
Yes, 'cause you take damage
equal to...
...the destroyed monsters
attack points!
Which is enough to wipe out
your life points.
(explosion)
Huh?
Uhh! Uhh! Uhh!
(groaning)
Huh?
(on P. A.)
Yessiree!
Looks to me like we have us
a bona fide winner!
Yuya Sakaki!
Little fella's plum
tuckered out.
Still, Yuya's won the first
duel of the semi‐finals!
(wristband dinging)
Huh?
(dinging continues)
(dinging stops)
Yuya?
(Melissa, on, P. A.)
Hoo‐wee, folks!
That duel had me glued to the
edge of my saddle!
Yes, sir, the tension was as
thick as molasses!
Why, it even
wore Yuya out!
Of course, if he keeps
duelin' like that,
Jack Atlas better keep a
tighteye on his rear‐view
mirror!
Don't make me laugh.
Yuya isn't close to being
in my league.
(Crow)
Yuya!
Come on, pal,
snap out of it.
Yu‐‐ Hey! Get your claws
off me, you buzzards!
Yuya, you okay?
(groaning)
Crow, what's going on?
All right, there he is.
Thought you were
out for the count.
Oh, man, I remember now!
Oh, no! What have I done?!
We had a plan!
Just listen to me!
During our duel,
some flyin' folks
flew over the stadium!
Sora said they were
after Celina.
He went to save her,
but he'll be outnumbered.
Bet he could use your help.
He'll get it.
Come on, you got a date
with a dumpster.
Let him go!
I can take care of myself!
Go help your friend Sora!
Save Celina!
It's my fault
you're in this mess!
Please forgive me!
Wait, where's Yuya
skedaddlin' off to?
Shoot! That boy always
duels and dashes!
(tires screeching)
(thinking)
Sora was sure those guys
were after Celina,
so they must've been
Obelisk Force!
And if Obelisk Force is here,
the Duel Academy
has started their invasion of
this Dimension!
I gotta find Sora!
This fight just kicked into
a whole new gear!
(engine revving)